# April 1, 2022 | fx(hash) Big Burn Wallet Snapshot

I released 5 projects on fx(hash) during their beta period. Each project was under the `MVA Study Series` label, in which I would conduct a peronal study of a particular technique and charge `1 tez`; both for personal education and to study the market's interests. When the **Big Burn** happened, I took a snapshot of the wallet holders and how many tokens each held.

At the moment, I'm simply recording this as data to analyze and reflect on, but would like to work a reward into future projects that I may release on the Tezos network. No guarantees though if you're a collector reading this!

## Snapshot

The following data captures totals across all 5 projects

Tezos Address | Tokens | Username
-|-|-
tz1NxcCsoMUydEe5UeFnKaQby74Xiw18B6Ji|10|SNS_
tz1dnkBqmKSKjSYaP8NuqjtCs9K39ExPgdTG|4|danimalXTZ
tz1gc62MRuz38QCtmpUNaEQEwu5CUEXKWJsc|1|Dreamsll
tz1SG28bggiopdfNcjbhtHkrFjze4wj9K3ke|1|--
tz1iCG8Q6HdpoFhpRvHKkRqFJte9Fn5Bm7gY|6|--
tz1QSxDeUy6YQZj9Q9HZ5couvThGX8Qu7RzY|15|Boolaroo
tz1iN7EowDcR9RYg1stkk9KJkBQqUZoeorPx|2|NFT_Dream_2
tz1eHzJ4y6UeTgarph5hXfTgu7Zb6xmVPA4o|11|LovingKindness4U
tz1M3XidTqjsBwGnVTSL6mykfAsgroeNc4nA|1|TENGIL
tz1V6YfNEZdyDstDyJRkw52F5CUidMrX1iwZ|1|Rose Jackson
tz1NZnfrNgCGdECyAhA93TLPTSciJcZBJqDY|1|--
tz1Y9HHJpZBQdm6xvf9C1nzQYKAU5kifqZLs|10|calicojack.tez
tz1PoDdN2oyRyF6DA73zTWAWYhNL4UGr3Egj|2|ciphrd
tz1Q64UruC5uMhK6TfnYWSVcoapBbXM4QMp9|3|Tiller
tz1ajbUoguHiipVftY865tu8r1aRYEVWMKZz|1|Post-American
tz1TgPtm8EPbLMVP8yCz1ptrTM7X3BxdQZrZ|4|--
tz1XtkVwKTHmJGYrKrJsPJMvyobf1o83tUwW|3|ascii
tz1QjzQd8AuAbLKLa9Jp7bYp3gPrrTsHxDSe|6|--
tz1i6QrhHj55CaoELHe9peHF8x7dfSxDJeBv|2|AgapeEudaimonia
KT1FvqJwEDWb1Gwc55Jd1jjTHRVWbYKUUpyq|3|--
tz1URdJTzHC53TqMQDMn39HpLnpCMGCKotes|3|koatz
tz1X4b5npJg4Yms7VYoYp4MsQobE5MKJ3aCi|1|--
tz1iQiM74SurSjZRJZMDrZYUoFT5A4ax16hN|1|Polyforms
tz2F8mXwpLLFQct6ANsV4b8yDSU1XVk3jxXu|2|Anthony G
tz1XrutuvkFRG15HmV2gdon86F38NMMGMAXr|2|markknol
tz1YHsinBJHMj1YFN7UrCsVAgTcaJCH86PjK|2|rudxane
tz1XjbEZZU13QPWnpPYQvSvf691TDcF7YQx4|2|kylo.tez
tz1LnqvCxabMfhfoqwYcC5ZzefV4VNuj58a2|3|thirtythree
tz1T4G5LC62nzVsvZjUwDdEFGyWjmdY745cv|2|--
tz1QYUdmH3UdWzNqV9RQBjfzbrSUWcJ28wUb|1|radarboy3000
tz1XBAp7qeZ5fWqVnVFzZHuHc455L1xrw841|1|Kelly Milligan
tz1fgQgnq7itzJXL3Nvx6GLsyNfrv2ofDt9i|1|cormac
tz1LzwRBXrZMsz1TiCZGyAcaJgM71q7Yaj16|3|NukCZ
tz1ipr8buqpZFK2JSvMAqkqTA8PWAca69xCk|3|feno
tz1PED5DM65jdgsF7osTdg5VyLhmgPuorBp1|2|Oliver Sin
tz1SREjxzP3Eycw4XSDzgdMMZrys9pUidJzr|2|Available
tz1Nf9zKzR4JFuZ2UtwXB9e2PKqMwVyu4eEq|1|nftnova
tz1dV7FpF25aLv22sjiDksmFGye15J8zrVxV|14|--
tz1fdv4qjH467zGFJycBA1wX7kXgMdKSHfeq|1|Remy
tz1gH5qBndFDibwQ1jyZ3QDGcm35qYD7ndru|2|Brendon
tz1TQ3Gi42BHwJvNCDLGFVXxYcn4p9AkrvRC|1|fdoganis
tz1PDvJfTWagz9KnUZ8TCcbwU77WKUh6vfAY|4|Master Yin
tz1gQyvkV8ofzcRjUhancM47wK8MuHz6Thzf|1|ballislife.tez
tz1LrJ318RRULKZUp1xgyBQdo6LyjZWvqhdz|1|--
tz1PNsvFRoEbpr8wbs7dhwoPAfNe9aDZ7XNo|1|Klebber
tz1RuLk5aT5aB4eZQx2B34ERSTjvyETTL3me|2|--
tz1Q3TTbr7EPkVnD7FXdEaxFeB48NmELaEaz|1|liquid
tz1UuLqvAoEWNo9iMDnCZvZgQgf9JWQoxZ9a|2|jpl4
tz2DQrkscf5aRVydqp81cuzfFvzutUNgruuM|1|Mehak
tz2SM2qp42H8kQchmfvexZ6G8qUHBXUbr4zK|1|mithrandir14
tz1fGiwg6RdPFw4MCo5MJxn3VMBjJd3xXhmS|3|JohnAstor
tz1UJ3k1mbYeNm9e1PyuFaSt597zuYPv79Ec|1|Birkhäuser
tz1fxNoz8iUWs65Nm2Y4iYWbk3Y59ktzzpra|1|Formerly Known As
tz1NmSuYH2DkJZt4zFZLydai9cXWdvQffcbV|1|--
tz1fpFdRwhLLoKnYzMsZaw8mTL9QJMdyNwbH|2|--
tz1agchaEF9EK3ARhHDeKTQFBzw4CjNkHKEJ|1|kompakd
tz1hBj1DeT6pFhTkU1yVtmsJ5Lb2fUvXuWXV|2|--
tz1PkLH6efZifS8NtKiZBWFWgDoHDmDwN9f1|4|Honest
tz2MBh8SCEwqQckxDpa3WcfQpXMNN6zKw1J3|11|TyePo
tz1Nbgg46KKQVGt2itPZYARPfcgRQq11HSTp|2|Gothbread
tz1bUbDkCRg5uEikyi5nNPkuePd4tt5uKJzY|3|--
tz1bgrunkWBB6gnBLywU2eKqvMCeevvTgxaQ|1|kgl_nft
tz1MwgPYtc8uccvYgEH4gixazzLLgayRipze|1|ripze
tz1aYYyUBJHig8KvtYkZrH8ipceQ5P4HxUvQ|2|eddietree
tz1XT3ncKE9KRzn2qWFmcG3Fg5hAhtKUF8hU|1|--
tz1Ms3JA2ZUSBNKqVABoGpeg3gv2e685XWvf|1|evilnft
tz1chg2T1s4DTjLqthPc49HDcqkFHMwdSPwb|1|Kobx
tz1ZuNutHuD7YH6okGoH6ginvHNQr4hiW1PW|1|baiwei
tz1WwLpnjMbjfQEmUpExC8wqNuZP5vTjYqgS|1|TeNinEight
tz1iRqK5KtJb4ViB1GVdJUaAoBxwt2q8grDe|2|the world is yours
tz1ZUGya56EHpDJJGZ7R1QLb2YA5nRQhcGa3|2|--
tz1Zx9RdXSRWtS8zPHveQ9cyhp63NivMB8Vo|1|Crypto_eve
tz1UxAGwhB5jz7sBtCeECbJ8Pt1yL2UZUV64|1|--
tz1MZLessK2eMqiCMxLHWsKHWpWcKHg2YjYf|1|WizardX
tz1YxAN3rn85UQxevF7w78v66xHnSQQByo2j|1|MihailGreen
tz1iX5wMrjqGZJacfYoxCdowBQs9u9hskpbj|1|--
tz1gMDphxYPFEXqLY3qLyfDCfPa2SsPQYZzp|1|KingJesusArt
tz1Trg6npgauME1Nb8zkkv7xv7sBdboNUFPP|2|--
tz1hXiUiNfwt9YzjDHkiKtA91g9fXa5rMAE2|1|TITATU
tz1ePy7JPbV7jaw57rKavh3mCdteUazLUEMG|2|K/ddö Ä
tz1TurTKk9Piv36Cxqecg5v35RKY5ww8DSNu|1|--
tz1hbCu1oDSphkD9P7R2QzXxqbRj1wAG5h2p|1|Sausage
tz1M5QPtZ6WLTkotfonH6QXNpncjUudVmTWN|1|DocSciFi
tz1bz3RpamvkvNCLfsjN22VCqs4LCVrFnNEB|1|¢ÃffTT¢OCÁBÃ
tz1Qvc8ocPr2C1UuwyAH1uaXvDiFxWWDjXHo|2|Littlesilver
tz2Av44FPRmpxkTvLstFSF61YpvDf18qVPAZ|1|--
tz1iYhWjLJs9HrDX7jGyZVeHt5m8vr7N4qxV|1|--
tz1efE5D1Da2S2hbRPpcrZpMeacXJYmCgBJb|1|--
tz1NZVZ3yANgxGRyY2KrRYq9Hw2RM2t4e2Vs|1|JimmyTheGhost
tz1XAivmYefSRJGWX9sG8wJmAwdihhaLJ8fa|1|arva
tz1UjdTcUwAkAwDgAMea7NxbtZizeGjwLVqi|1|darkpencii.tez
tz2S48ZY19sJXSSXighUjuXWiqMszWMcMf16|1|cocktoid
tz1TYyoSGug8bTmFASWNYGsNfJDwmEeGCT33|1|GCT33
tz1iBDR3wL382oWjfaVWBPT99VxWTUJaVJRg|1|--
tz1cd8EPfy73UBthRtPUHnveEd9aoUbiQM3S|1|--
tz1Vb9N4BW5uNB3NC1b6rm4MZrUBGKhjsC1r|4|--
tz1R8Ms9rERJmWKoCWoz2yx4Eg8Ldz4pruLy|3|Fatboy
tz1YBKKPnH14x1qKfZHkpnSUWJwUqvKMi6pX|1|PalaceTing
tz1PnoxETN2uVxkoca6SgMPvhFzjtwBwhXAs|2|owow
tz1U3YJZ1pFfkaUWZVWv7FvNyiUi5vKYG696|1|--
tz1VLc4whDbEFqCxFvBPYZwwpD2TNtugFYQm|2|MAGiK Scrolls 
tz1hn65zdR8rXWT9Xqme9P4Nfx1DDNAjhqDi|1|trez
tz1fPtXpoqSDgSeHeX2q5BLg9sC3KccZ5Kd5|1|--
tz1Z9F6akA65CENtqsRw8cKrb7AR9c1NCeer|1|egaruok
tz1TtUyR5URy2rGZS9pV8JT8TuhixiEPf3xF|1|--
tz2EmYGvZpE9v3sEMBiBYDWXirXG1ciFrMqe|1|theSKinney
tz1ZrG5eSR5Pw88wJ4Ke5QKRyR24dLv8zJ2Z|2|capitan
tz1h7BrSLrSUEGN8UJDj7xujxbXn91oorDzf|1|sukoneck.tez
tz1PqU9BQ5rrP981rE846BdaoBAa2q1ysYbb|1|--
tz1RB3poJD9r5cLXjzZPJ2RuR8eeLYWXMLDN|6|Ethspresso
tz1LwHHzSP3oX4Lwpf2oPD52tViuxGCjCZQv|1|Echevarian
tz1Te1K3c4URH7cxMeoNe7kaGXhAkKdCrG9A|1|--
tz1RHpMrqC2GbAvEfVYVU97HZyDrrEFfN23c|2|ComeOnAvoca
tz1LgJszCAEdLmmjyVdKzTPAv48ZtEigY1cS|1|--
tz1RiTAgQFqhXU9c8cntLgaY6KPhSNubYWF8|1|--
tz2MgpiRm5NB1rpGf5nCURbC11UNrneScoot|1|pixelrich.tez
tz1NHBtDhXUxRbZVnwQurjrVeghRzDqthQ68|4|tz1Q68
tz1dW9QXydD28arnVXC4YZFLMEdQsJbrRnxM|4|UpOnlyFan
tz1inuoFMXxFd4Ka8ozZAEq4hqwD25UJ3Et6|1|Element
tz1hsC7LKroo96tCZhiZwvcmi2RwQ7gfzdc1|2|NftEconomist
tz1ivPazCcMa38ZPE3vwewietTzLeYTWau2Z|1|--
tz1MXKnRPXg9FwUNQ9nbv6Cxn8HaQrZ7H7xs|1|bagholder
tz1cyfd8YLyDRBAS7uWYZHXLKnLwpPzoYbmY|3|Jason Paperhands
tz1SiCWyWwGx6tQUEpr2jZapM9jeUnXiPfuE|1|--
tz1ikTiMLgcKbrycPhnWpyh3CUUtfSUebrus|1|--
tz1h8x4KWAkChHyGVZTty835W2midXRFN5sQ|3|Champ
tz1c9vgUPbLW7Hgw3GE1Hshh5VGtRBJ24vCY|3|mogesvault
tz1iXu4QmP2AoxGGeJNwW8FsxgJK1rMahQbY|1|PapaRarePepe.tez
tz1aLwJpDnpYUvjP72r3Ldanq3kg4GwoWGBR|2|PapaRarePepe_Vault
tz1c4QupSyjxgsgd7tZTnyBgPKrGbEPjVRkZ|2|ahoNFT
tz1NhSkQqRzWxxHi75zrxJovUXAjboGZkf6q|1|Mamiya
tz1SGm8PKtapeQ5NDrjHjLQahcAkYV5afJBh|3|SCLarge
tz1U6QbH4G7RbM4y2wqJRqaT4jDJiwHBC87G|2|crypto_lalo
tz1Ym9Ued9v2N2wwsrtQ52HRGGn7qDmzuUZU|2|chris
tz1gNkXd86BcjRkmx7YXS4DrXK2YoxhTA4NX|2|dylanstrauss
tz1SvJbECAva9gxczfBmX3CAFUszgQXNgsNm|2|P1x3lboy
tz1Yui9iNeobhKE26bojuKxtqhyc69FVazwG|2|importerxporter
tz1KhiFKMdKeLdBmuV6qmzpP4Jp8v7u6cDft|1|--
tz1MLmisG7WCXCjNR9zwq3VwXiHSsHZo59mw|1|Borrito
tz1L1XwcVmD2z4qPfLtBJ6RPThgAwLcXG6kW|1|klaus
tz2HGRJfqNfN3UyPojuVpTfH8p4wA8otjy6L|3|--
tz1bnWUvcfU77EBpbLUQ41c3hCBKovGuqyGY|1|KRANKARTA
tz1To7j5MHj4vjquGYdbASX4tZnstNgpsE9x|2|Billy McSmithers
tz1VgmGm6exAwRCQyn6nnf1WN9KEcjeuRRM8|1|lawa
tz1eLzLWBK1qc3eMAH3y1TS3W7tbqEq81xMM|1|bitverse
tz1VCc6EZeD3FkcxVvaVJjZVuFU9ozTQkSfD|1|Tokens of Affection
tz1Lf3aAFLG6omKsqr2ofRGRpJ9xBK1VPt7A|2|grosgg
tz1ccXwq87b1hNktXprs3GZ2BXpaF2KTPAXS|1|--
tz1RQGDzn1DTncdTsFRsDwfaC3NJG59XS7yB|1|paraux.tez
tz2EZC7yLhS8uf4U66XfNzimP1pdeiSTNGXx|11|edvvard
tz1VymPMaRnZDWojxs1puBgtJjLGKxnTpcS3|3|g=CGCv
tz1SNpPrhJ6dG4XjoLZyX6UCGh6pTHyA2NeN|8|moges
tz1ZCXNCei8rMpGgxBmvyAk1GFdZTnh7Jx6V|1|--
tz1X4fwe8h6TcjpZLBe4iprpvDBhRGFkTuSz|2|--
tz1L28qvaAU3CmZViWVjnRzAh83gUNZQPsTF|1|Malcolm Levy
tz1MoSBkCDVHPBNuTeGf7v9WxqiEWyv3jLaF|1|RobiNU
tz2QF6C56ctVjbPsKNMCobKCY9RhF3fBGmFo|2|agent004
tz1U9ZoiU5HRvQD29kjK1roSUiLDamMrjDJ9|3|pale kirill
tz1Y1qNfDq6SUb1bPYGgNAjaibnPgYXkF3x1|1|F3x1
tz1PdyMfZRRvnXXZgUQykZ1nvjctUg52gfBR|1|--
tz1XJDXNHNmdeuqCsqRzvPXBh7GTbSz75oGB|1|--
tz1evESgAfKJKHHiuD9XLkUJwN7JWvLwumac|1|Potato
tz1Uf1oTEXP75PQDkkgBYh59F1e4LAHakTTA|1|--
tz1LrQZuDuGrtozMZxhwQAZjdqJjXHPxVja8|2|Liam Egan
tz1ZU9H2SsJ64DkY4YMcYoBw9PoBgZnD2nfJ|1|Annow
tz1ZEQdzi2YnSvFkzAPhKhaBK6nwWMDgRzsX|1|--
tz1SbFwEWf41UGYNqAfHLoY3bJ42tWRwpR66|1|theycallmeo
tz2LQg9NqXfgyMVrihTwzzXfUVdZTnmxpYts|1|Juhani Halkomäki
tz1hQ8BzTVwssUGQFinLQGfc7TKuMdeX6uQW|1|@nftartcards
tz1ZBMhTa7gxSpaeXoqyc6bTCrxEHfZYSpPt|1|aebrer
tz1PrkmEYJKku7ysrBBbEfaxTL3AR9wPHun2|1|--
tz1edBUkgXa7sRkiUcuhMN56q33oprGs6FM2|2|crunk
tz1adhiRtf9AfRiFbKypm7bmnSk6DhfxauL3|3|--
tz1McVAjR9YULDNWTUpSKtutjYCWzfKFF7h9|1|--
tz1fUAh6JipGw6PYjjFPpu3jXLHhPKhrgmYR|1|zchwtsn
tz1fbraZ1hNsuX3QBLMMZRwRbPZQdv5jzSLY|1|Cooper Jamieson
tz1VmZyzx1mMvhNtP7yWVcGr2Q5qJ3ghqeZB|3|PoDogson
tz1U2k1rW4isR96Kk2cqd95Ypw2DXgnhDrD2|1|Bzzhg
tz1Rnhu6UZ9STAZHLJHE1cXLMTd9Vvai1mF3|1|JKTN
tz29rT6LwCuZcyxkJ3mNvFNSRBryfxnPZqJW|1|Cyril Diagne
tz1YinhT4JT3ngF9pMYBySNVrWDYhLNEfsYE|2|code2pixels
tz1hx7d1qWCHkSDy6HXVmZRzWvpNMHxSNvuC|3|1mpo$ter
tz2B8WipbmLCvaFbg3fsJ4Gn4eQG7FESmoV9|1|--
tz1d9AdUJdLpfKsvxKNsD1pQf6wuZjNR1RvJ|1|vhs1183
tz1aDWHZvGHeUzJrRhjVK3H7AnPSK2GZFZ1y|1|AaG_
tz1T9qkKY2J8xhYSfvhPL2B8eQUXYHMxQahE|1|Frenzy
tz1TQBc611AxRGGrh856ksnWAvCxCi26dBXm|2|--
tz2VqSYLt2pEwCXrNtiKXB7BKsbhxdCaEXBe|1|magnetic_pole
tz1h3ca9zaSo62fECYDbDHmhejkQYVxArv5r|1|M007
tz1fgGEbMGjT2AZF5XktYztVb5QUPkLLZehr|2|Tatlee.eth
tz1VCzv11FjFjMyQKy44iyCU364S2y9PqYko|1|Togru
tz1Npi14ixTrWbmNo2uKzcoUqk3dyZr7qwBT|1|Palito73
tz1fPnqswm41oEHUWdSDn3KSvq3KCXVNeFCj|2|PlatonFxHash
tz1e2JfJR934E58Xa9FFR3dVoiMKH4AT1iji|1|Volatile Moods
tz2QjMesLP67RHKc6mQPgYchiaKzEam3kSPk|1|--
tz1PfQDUD9UWGJ2hqHRttJU5wVtxrnPwBRa1|2|Xeronimo
tz1WEHHVMWxQUtkWAgrJBFGXjJ5YqZVgfPVE|1|--
tz1KgMUDdAYbvzMvyVoszX8Zmz9e6dYXNn7m|1|eviltypo
tz1U72EG4beo6ZztyheWMQ4tKR2EqjPYTBoq|1|Aranya
tz1L7PKjPqQUfNSR5wD8cFBwMCiwydFBKjMm|1|4d3d3d3
tz1KrEvkq7FxezBaVagRKrhKsH5jVrRv8QjH|1|beside
tz1LGRo4e3ke7kiCvJHGtmQSfPvLK5zhEHAR|1|Chris McCully
tz1XBuBrXhvLqG4YXXWE6z7bZyU7Mx6F2fiu|1|Hallow
tz1gYwgGhpxjt4po3f53P1t1sS3osPondHwW|1|lomz
tz1YokFzMR1hX4m4aBqgutxLSUKFDdNoYGEN|4|Ryan Thompson
tz1Ty3zxPSKtDbb532h3UKWff4SRG99BU26L|1|mobotato
tz1aNZttacWt7Q2kmvDnLjXkxC27MnigTZtV|1|DistCollective
tz1SwPEJujF92YxKeFgquBc5zMAKfpjF9F7u|1|tammas.vault
tz1bafXvnKt87p1yXPV3vvVpe6gyD7BCdjyh|1|ArtistJohn
tz1Y5e4BA6GHxZQJmJRCvTrJGcyEqJERMqLJ|1|sound
tz1Xa6JTLubRcXrVyN94CyVjjbuRrxrneApS|1|--
tz1hwNo5K37hEKA2tdzHjpGQZwVNijtrrRKr|1|Purz
tz2Pwg7xaofYzBYGSbycTFQShTJ6PHHUnhrS|1|Berni
tz1PWJAgiCVf56EU6GnPhvtuMTKXXQfVkoyg|1|Cryptophile.tez
tz1S3KEPAnYbQodV11YSBaSbBGFUkzUF5hPC|1|Patrick Lawler
tz1VnepzAtPKpQhC4jh9cCbxhXwFKTQxrhzZ|2|Lammetje
tz1i8vkSiZe5nrfomJGsd1WLC97Z4RuMwcgv|1|huqa
tz1LthmmHuQAEAKQ9GBC5xS4mhzrKxrWNado|1|fabax
tz2WoHgA1HrQnp8Z2rTu7hv1a7AoXtBpLVdD|1|voxeljunk
tz1cv9FVELwxZZj7fqDhz81oBhNBv6ARAzSE|1|mploj
tz1RmAYvq7GqkoBZP7zNEpQ1inR3S4hsPhTL|2|--
tz2RU4H1XidHiTSs71TmYT1GywmaKgfeQujQ|5|Softcity & Crew
tz1iijWJnm6ViozjUDrkP7K73voXUo9Pu1sJ|1|Rasterly
tz1hjGTqC3MZcw9R56FXBpNqQWzeEa7psf7K|1|--
tz1XV4Khoz3LceAUsDdUbfaosS3YSc8YLqND|1|22UNITS
tz1Z9NEdYwvbpKU1azEhmdQtYLGmF2TiXV87|1|sudojames
tz1fXh4cnDd3TF5mD8Q1fNu3BbshUHqSBkDw|1|thunderfury
tz1RduhavEDpfqgFsdaFttNsJXSAAXgKZPKt|1|ff27b
tz1SuXiC8rRfT9eQ5ma6JmWUQi7AkggH3ouS|1|orgaZm
tz1gfXnFvHKKtUQB9nQitzY7SFMTytbiNAMt|1|--
tz1SWwpTDpvf8PAYnenfsXF9bbUwJRzksJND|1|Art4SkullsGreenVault
tz1ZYs4fX6wjeF9oYd6N7EoX7hkjZBS4a3GJ|1|Lotus Josephine
tz1T5eeWhiYBDL5n3LJdVEpiZwW8ym1ExPEQ|2|--
tz1Q73MnHroCMADATwW3eR6dGKnxfDLZww9w|1|--
tz1g9BB1L9ce8iMcMthUu5T7G2Jz3DFVo8qQ|1|misterpatient
tz1UsCnD9KdabYEYpggqXm1YCNFukUNEJvgT|1|Tulip Mania
tz1iFWDo2c3APctC4jvkAaAbKjadpFcXtHfR|1|asch
tz1eKR6WSjDTafALicbZM3takAmc4AVQVGB2|1|Noctambul
tz1dQMjwN85ikpnJ6Tmc1D9mZwBV7opcVkDs|1|Friez-nl
tz1ZG2u7tvtWMSdxjM45qnzb2dKsuQgjjB1m|1|pucknell.tez
tz1W9rDX36jzKZWVUzMAiwuEF6pXewPwUd4T|1|FlattestWhite
tz1S7KSVpfdZjBwi6Xb3XRRVRU7yVyHhSNbi|1|anomaly144
tz1NZqn4kZvWrvwGPZ6jgMJaypGoC876GjxZ|1|nosugar
tz2UuQzRQxag5yaaa8t2bPAvdE9yWqv8jrHV|1|Jaali Bandar
tz1MSjegET9sGZFjWUpB5BgLjBMoZujCmSup|1|siggi
tz1PoyguZTFRYfHC9j3VYvivNJqKViewkfYm|1|BitttyLabs
tz1cgsZPKJvHjxd2a3qgGARTyyXFEuTuhkZx|3|Bagel
tz1R4E6d29XnPDRTE8qSTVLGpGMSqX2hJ1Pt|1|--
tz1dPeEpEt4rDc5jS3PpCViYmFAb47BxVx7b|1|bitboi_BLOK
tz1e5kzCeoSSRDhRfZQX1n3zHALQ5jA9Dpr6|1|Phenomena
tz1iy5scpSWLzsc5bXoFnqGHW7NXY8fB26NB|1|toiminto
tz1Tf2rba8i7bjbokn7cbpMjfWrtMVKjsUQh|1|l\x19aspide
tz1NEH2S1rwEkdKctUrW265rY7auoFRNRbiH|1|--
tz1QEMfacwHcVZ3VRmkDiW43MSwkwKJYqrY8|1|Haiver
tz1efDMQXbgYrNseGGnnjLN4BzXEpYLZDsYL|1|--